Databricks and Redshift model query history GA (#9401)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/explore/model-query-history.md

## Enable query history in dbt

> :::note

Reviewer: We should give the note some sort of title to make it stand out

- **New production environments:** <Constant name="dbt" /> automatically enables query history when you create a new [production deployment environment](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments#set-as-production-environment) in **Orchestration** (marked **PROD**). This applies to Snowflake, BigQuery, Redshift, and Databricks on [Enterprise-tier plans](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing/). Development environments are not included.

> - **Existing production environments:** You must enable query history manually in your **PROD** environment settings. First, complete the [credential permissions](#credential-permissions) for your warehouse, then follow the steps below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Existing production environments:** You must enable query history manually in your **PROD** environment settings. Configure the [credential permissions](#credential-permissions) for your warehouse prior to starting the steps in this section.
```
